Haha, what a great research piece. This
was self-promotional best lists boost
your visibility in AI tools like chatbt
uh and Glenn Alop and the team at AHS uh
went through and and did exactly this.
They created a bunch of lists and they
looked at a bunch of lists and then they
saw whether the items on those lists had
outsized visibility in terms of their
their mentions in chatbt. And um yeah,
the answer is they sure do. They sure
do. And and in fact, it's better not
only to be on more lists, but to be
higher up on the lists. So, you know, if
you go to Google and you search for um
best premium paints uh 2025,
what you are likely to get in these
types of answers, whatever Benjamin
Moore, Sherwin Williams, Pharaoh and
Ball are going to be similar to what you
would find on all the lists of these
interior designers reveal the 10 most
timeless, our top premium pets of 2025.
like those same lists are what power
these types of results because of course
AI is spicy autocomplete. Uh two more
quick examples here.
You know, Lily Ray is pointing out in
her post here that uh when she started
in SEO, reciprocal links were a big
thing I remember these days. And now
people are emailing and and DMing and
saying, "Hey, how about I put you on my
best of list and you put me on your best
of list?" To which my reply is, well, if
you think AIS are ethically problematic,
then you have a civic duty to spam them
by putting all the people who want
reciprocal mentions on there. And I'll
just point out this is a um a post from
Steve Payne at Cyrix who noted that uh
here you can see this graphic. I'll I'll
put I'll make it bigger. Noted that the
AI tools still think I am the top SEO
expert. Of course, I haven't been in SEO
for eight years. I barely know the
practice anymore. Uh, compared to Alita
and Lily and Barry who's sort of an SEO
commentator.
But this is what you're going to get,
right? If you're using these lists, then
you're going to get these types of
results. And that's why this this
process of being in these lists works. I
I really appreciate the AHF folks
putting out there. Hopefully this helps
you understand how AI visibility
inventions works.